Brand Pages - image thumbnails not formatted in folders and Apple type
page icons not showing again (See 'Safari formatting errors'  ' Chromo
formatting errors' and 'Firefox formatting errors'. Plus image
thumbnails are not keeping aspect ratio for Extra Offers (see ' Extra
offer images been to keep aspect ratio'). - Done

The Renovators Brand Page is broken - Done

Can we please enable deleting of uploaded images in All Demo Ad Images
list as this list will get very long (check box and master delete
button)! Also please duplicate the upload image button on the list
page to reduce navigation (see 'Deleting upload images and adding
upload image button') - Done

Can we refresh the page when clicking saved to allow new folder to
appear in carousel (see 'Why can't we refresh page when clicking saved
to folder appears') - Done

On a brand Page, the Go to Site button should be a Facebook logo (see
'Go to Site button should be a Facebook logo'). Also the Extra offer
images need to keep aspect ratio (see 'Extra offer images been to keep
aspect ratio') - Clarify

When creating an iFrame ad demo in AdSpeed, can we show how additional
data such as 'offer expiry' or brand message ca be added in AdSpeed
and rendered below the Ad image in MFT (see 'Can we add additional
metadata in AdSpeed so that Tabbed iFrame ad shows detail under image
in MFT')

All Demos - Edit button should be labelled View button and we need an
edit button that does allow admin to edit url etc (see 'Edit button
doesn't allow admin to edit url etc') - Explain the editing of demo page

Create a Brand - We need to add the ability to add an ad image and a
offer image (such as QR scan) plus link to destination url with the
Extra Offers section as discussed in my last email regarding Mod 3. - Done

Facebook log in is still different to other 2 log in methods and has
no Admin or same images. Can we delete all data and try again? - Done